# VHDL-project-files
Project files using VHDL
## Counter_Zybo-Z7-10
#### Objective:
- To Create a Vivado project sourcing HDL model(s) and targeting a specific FPGA device located on the development board
- Use the provided Xilinx Design Constraint (XDC) file to constrain the pin locations
- Simulate the design using the Vivado simulator
- Synthesize and implement the design 
- Generate the bitstream
- Configure FPGA directly and through onboard flash memory
#### Specifications:
Design a simple 8 bit counter to download to the Zybo Z7. The timing of the counter is controlled by the onboard clock signal. There is also a reset button, direction, and a pause switch to add more features to the counter. Furthermore the 8 bit counter should light up the LEDs on the development board. As the clock frequency generated by the onboard oscillator has a high frequency and consequently the counts on the LEDs cannot be observed therefore the clock needs to be slowed down. A second counter needs to be designed to slow down the frequency to roughly about 1 Hz so switching can be observed. Figure 1 shows the block diagram of the design used in this lab. 
## Shift Right Multiplier
#### Objective
- Implement a digital computer arithmetic system
- Utilize Block RAM to perform parallel tasks
#### Specifications:
Implement an 8-bit unsigned multiplier (Right shift algorithm) arithmetic circuits. Then use the multiplier to multiply two MNIST images read simultaneously from a True-Dual port BRAM. Write VHDL code to implement the circuit as well as simulation testbench to verify its functionality.
## String Detector Multiplier
#### Objective
- Implement a string detector using a Finite state maching (FSM)
#### Specifications:
